---
layout: post
title: "Route: Wabun Picnic Area"
date: 2018-04-02 07:00
category: routes
---
This route takes you from Lake Hiawatha Park to the Wabun Picnic Area. If you've never been, Wabun is a huge playground with a great splashpad. The main play structure has a foam floor (no rubber chips!), while another area has sand.

Wabun is a bit removed from the chaos of Sea Salt and Minnehaha Falls, but it's still a very popular place, especially because of the great pool.

## Route Summary
Follow the Minnehaha Creek trail **east** from Lake Hiawatha. Go up and over Hiawatha, and straight through the roundabout, staying along the trail past Minnehaha Falls. Hang a right at the 4-way stop (46th Ave.) and go up the hill to the parking lot.

Bike racks by the pool, or on the opposite side of the playground.

## Map
<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/d/embed?mid=1FStljBjZvhnqmKk5LGbdMHl7t34" width="640" height="480"></iframe>

## Turn-by-Turn
* Follow trail past Lake Hiawatha beach
* Left at bridge, heading east toward 28th Ave.
* Crossing 28th Ave, keep going on trail
* Trail continues under a bridge (34th Ave.), and up to a T-intersection at Hiawatha. Go **right**.
* Head up the small hill to Minnehaha Pkwy. Go **left**.
* Next is the roundabout, you'll want to bear **left** past the Nice Ride station and cross Minnehaha Ave.
* Bear right as the trail continues across Minnehaha Pkwy. Once across, go **left** to stay on the trail. You are now on the **south** side of the parkway.
* Follow the parkway on the bike trail until a 4-way stop at 46th Ave. Go **right**.
* Start heading up the hill, and cross 46th at the stop sign. You're almost there!
* Bear right at the fork at the top of the hill. Continue past the bathrooms to the bike racks.
