---
layout: post
title: "2018 Calendar"
date: 2018-04-11 09:00
author: dan
---

It's finally here! Time to start thinking about warmer weather (if it will ever come), getting outside and Kidical Mass family bike rides! We're going to do things pretty similar to last year, with a couple key logistical changes that I will highlight in this post.

First of all, you might have noticed the website! This is brand new for this year, and is an effort on our part to branch out and allow people to get connected to Kidical Mass without needing to use Facebook. Please [sign up for the mailing list]() to stay informed on ride reminders and other fun stuff. The [Kidical Mass South Minneapolis Facebook group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/kidicalmassmpls/) will continue to operate as normal, so if you are already there, or would like to join, please do so!

The other goal of this website is to start to create a library of safe and fun family biking routes across the Twin Cities. I am starting in South Minneapolis with the routes we have used in Kidical Mass, but my goal would be to expand this library to any fun family-friendly bike routes that others can use for inspiration and ride planning with the families. If you have ideas or would like to contribute a route, please let us know.

## 2018 details
* We host rides May - October
* These regular rides are the second saturday of the month, at 10am
* Rides always leave from [Lake Hiawatha Park]()
* Rides end at a different park each month. We try to go to places that are seasonally appropriate, meaning, in July and August, we're definitely going to a place with a pool :)

## Ride Destinations
* May 12: [Triangle Park]({% post_url 2018-04-02-triangle-park %}) -- new destination for 2018!
* June 9: [Powderhorn Park]({% post_url 2018-04-02-powderhorn-park %}) -- happy National Get Outdoors Day!
* July 14: [Brackett Park]({% post_url 2018-04-02-brackett-park %})
* August 11: [Wabun Picnic Area]({% post_url 2018-04-02-wabun-picnic-area %})
* September 8: [Midtown Farmers Market]({% post_url 2018-04-02-midtown-farmers-market %})
* October 13: [Ericsson Loop]({% post_url 2018-04-02-ericsson-loop %}) -- costume ride! Happy Halloween!
